#summary How to get JGF.
#labels Featured

<wiki:toc max_depth="1" />

= Downloading JGF =

There are currently no packages for JGF, so you need to download the source code using your favourite tool or IDE. It can be accessed following the instructions at:

[http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/checkout http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/checkout]

= Prerequisites =

Before going on, you should ensure you are able to compile and run [http://www.jmonkeyengine.com JMonkeyEngine] 2 applications and examples. 

If you are new to JME (JMonkeyEngine) hava a look at [http://www.jmonkeyengine.com/wiki/doku.php?id=the_tutorials_-_jme_2 JME2 Tutorials Page]. You will find a lot of help in JME Forums too.

= Configuring your IDE for JGF =

You will need to configure this project as a Java project in your Development Environment, so you can build it and run examples:

1) Define source AND resource folders. JGF code and resources are distributed along a few folders. Make sure you "include as source folders" all the "java" and "resources" folders:

  /src/example/java
  /src/example/resources
  /src/jgf-jme/java
  /src/jgf-jmephysics/java
  /src/main/java

2) At runtime, all those directories should also be added to your classpath (Eclipse does this automatically when you define those folders as "source folders").

3) Include all libraries (.jar) in the "lib" directories:

  /src/jgf-jme/lib
  /src/main/lib

4) JMonkeyEngine is also needed to build and run the framework, but it is not included with JGF. You need to include JME2 libraries or to reference JME2 project from JGF project.

5) At this time you should be able to build (compile) the project.

6) Because JGF currently uses JMonkeyEngine, at runtime some native libraries are needed (as with any other JME project). You will need to reference the native libraries. If you have any doubt about this, you should ensure you can run JMonkeyEngine applications and tests (again, check [http://www.jmonkeyengine.com/wiki/doku.php?id=the_tutorials_-_jme_2 JME2 Tutorials Page] if you are not able to run JME applications). You should then be able to run the following JGF example:

  net.jgf.example.box.Box

7) There are more examples in the package net.jgf.example, test them all.

8) Visit [http://groups.google.com/group/jgf-users JGF Users List] or [http://www.jmonkeyengine.com/forum/index.php?topic=9495.30 JGF at JME Forums] and let us know you succeeded ;-).

_(Eclipse project files are included along with source code, but you may need to correct some of the project library dependencies and project dependencies (on JME) to suit your environment)_

= What now? =

Check the [GettingStarted Getting Started] or the [Examples] page for more information.


[http://code.google.com/p/jgf JGF Home] - [Features] - [Overview] - [GettingStarted Getting Started] - [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/#svn/trunk/jgf Browse the Source]