#summary Tutorials and Examples of JGF games.

= Examples =

This section is yet to be built.

In the meanwhile, have a look at the configuration file for the JGF MudVolley tutorial 1:

[http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/trunk/jgf/src/example/resources/mudvolley/mudvolley1.xml /trunk/jgf/src/example/resources/mudvolley/mudvolley1.xml]

And also inspect other files from the examples, like the (few) classes involved:

[http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/#svn/trunk/jgf/src/example/java/net/jgf/example /trunk/jgf/src/example/java/net/jgf/example/mudvolley1]

==!MudVolley Tutorials==

The !MudVolley Tutorials are the main JGF tutorials. Through this courses you will build a small game with JGF and evolve it through several steps.

  # [Tutorial1 First Application with JGF]
  # [Tutorial2 Debugging (Debug, Stats, SystemInfoComponent, AxisGrid, Screenshot)]
  # [Tutorial3 Loaders (model loader, scene loader, entity loader?)]
  # [Tutorial4 Introduction states]
  # [Tutorial5 Settings and Settings Dialogs and Settings Storage]
  # [Tutorial6 Menus]
  # [Tutorial7 HUD]
  # [Tutorial8 Console]
  # [Tutorial9 Network]
  # [Tutorial10 Packaging]

==Test Applications==

The following applications are included to test different components and to serve as examples.

|| Box || [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/trunk/jgf/src/example/resources/box/box.xml config] - [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/#svn/trunk/jgf/src/example/java/net/jgf/example/box code] || The simplest example of a JGF application. ||
|| Console || [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/trunk/jgf/src/example/resources/console/console.xml config] - [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/#svn/trunk/jgf/src/example/java/net/jgf/example/console code] || How to use JGF console. ||
|| Display || [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/trunk/jgf/src/example/resources/display/display.xml config] - [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/#svn/trunk/jgf/src/example/java/net/jgf/example/display code] || DisplaySystem allows for easy definition of HUDs and OSDs. ||
|| Fader || [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/trunk/jgf/src/example/resources/fader/fader.xml config] - [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/#svn/trunk/jgf/src/example/java/net/jgf/example/fader code] || How to use the !FaderView node to apply a fade-in and fade-out effect. ||
|| !GameStateWrapper || [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/trunk/jgf/src/example/resources/gamestatewrapper/gamestatewrapper.xml config] - [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/#svn/trunk/jgf/src/example/java/net/jgf/example/gamestatewrapper code] || Wraps JME !GameStates into JGF !ViewStates . ||
|| Menu || [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/trunk/jgf/src/example/resources/menu/menu.xml config] - [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/#svn/trunk/jgf/src/example/java/net/jgf/example/menu code] || Tests the (simple) default menu system. ||

Remember that components can always be extended or replaced if the default ones don't fit your needs.

==JGF Base Project Skeleton==

JGF base project skeleton makes starting a new JGF project a cut-and-paste matter. Includes Ant build script and libraries.

==Tanks Game==

A complete game is provided with with JGF: [Taunklet]. Follow the link to learn more about it.


[http://code.google.com/p/jgf/ JGF Home] - [Features] - [Overview] - [GettingStarted Getting Started] - [http://code.google.com/p/jgf/source/browse/#svn/trunk/jgf Browse the Source]